Hello FNCS Slayers
Temp EULA Updated v113

 - testing a full size eula:

Fortnite PlayStation Cup - Chapter 4 Season 1 Official Rules (January 2023)

1.    Introduction and Acceptance

1.1    Introduction

These Fortnite PlayStation Cup Official Rules (“Rules”) govern all stages of the Fortnite PlayStation Cup (“Fortnite PlayStation Cup” or “Event”). The Event is organized and administered by Epic Games, Inc. (“Epic”). Any questions regarding the Event or its administration should be directed to Epic, and not to Sony Interactive Entertainment. Sony Interactive Entertainment is not the sponsor, organizer, or administrator of the Event.

These Rules have been designed to ensure the integrity of competitive play of Fortnite (the “Game”) in connection with the Event, and are intended to promote vigorous competition and to help ensure that all competitive play of the Game is fun, fair, and free from Toxic Behavior (as defined below).

These Rules may be translated into other languages. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any translated version of these Rules and the English version of these Rules, the English version shall prevail, govern and control.

1.2    Acceptance

To participate in the Event, each player must agree (or, if a Minor (as defined below), such player’s parent or legal guardian must agree on such player’s behalf) to follow these Rules at all times, including the Code of Conduct in Section 8. A player (or, if a Minor, such player’s parent or legal guardian) may accept these Rules by clicking to accept or agree to these Rules, where this option is made available to you by Epic in the Game client. By participating in any game or match that is part of the Event, a player is confirming that he or she (or, if a Minor, his or her parent or legal guardian) has accepted these Rules pursuant to this Section 1.2.

1.3    Enforcement

Epic will have primary responsibility for enforcing these Rules for all players at the Event and may, working with the Event Administrators (as defined below), impose sanctions on players for violations of these Rules, as further described in Section 9.

1.4    Amendments

Epic may update, revise, change, or modify these Rules from time to time. For each player, his or her participation in the Event after any update, revision, change, or modification to these Rules will be deemed acceptance by such player (or, if a Minor, such player’s parent or legal guardian) of these Rules as updated, revised, changed, or modified.

2.    Event Structure

2.1    Definition of Terms
        
2.1.1    Arena

The Game’s ranked, competitive mode composed of three (3) leagues (each, a “League”) separated into ten (10) divisions (each, a “Division”) as follows:

Open League: Division I (0 - 399 Hype points (“Hype”)) 
Open League: Division II (400 - 799 Hype)
Open League: Division III (800 -1,199 Hype)
Open League: Division IV (1,200 - 1,999 Hype)

Contender League: Division I (2,000 - 2,999 Hype)
Contender League: Division II (3,000 - 4,999 Hype)
Contender League: Division III (5,000 - 7,499 Hype)

Champion League: Division I (7,500 - 9,999 Hype)
Champion League: Division II (10,000 - 14,999 Hype)
Champion League: Division III (15,000+ Hype)

2.1.2    Elimination

An occurrence where one player depletes the HP and Shield (if any) of another player. Subject to Section 7.1.2, elimination credit is determined by (a) the action feed located at the bottom left corner of the gameplay screen, and (b) the UI illustrating total number of eliminations earned during a single match; provided, that, in no event shall elimination credit be awarded to a player for any portion of a match following such player’s elimination.

2.1.3    Event Administrator

Any Epic employee or member of the admin team, broadcast team, production team, event staff, or anyone else otherwise employed or contracted for the purpose of running the Event.

2.1.4    Game Mode

A specific ruleset, set of gameplay elements, or win conditions for a given match. Game modes can be very broad and may or may not differ from one match to the next. Event Administrators will explain the specific parameters for each game mode before the beginning of a match.

2.1.5    Match

A single instance of competition within the Game that is played until a player or team either achieves a Victory Royale (as defined below) or certain victory conditions are otherwise met.

2.1.6    Placement

A player’s or team’s time spent in play in a match, relative to that of other players or teams in such match, prior to being eliminated. Placement rank is illustrated in the UI after being eliminated.

2.1.7    Session

A set of matches that is played until a winner or multiple winners are determined by one of the following methods: (a) completion of a set number of matches or (b) completion of a set time period.

2.1.8    Victory Royale

An occurrence where a player or team meets the victory conditions of the current game mode of the match being played. Typically, this refers to obtaining a first place placement finish.

2.2        Schedule - All Final Times Listed in Game
        
2.2.1    January 20 - Fortnite PlayStation Cup Qualifier 1 (Battle Royale)
2.2.2    January 21 - Fortnite PlayStation Cup Qualifier 2 (Wild Storm)
2.2.3    January 22 - Fortnite PlayStation Cup Finals (Battle Royale)
    
2.3    Rescheduling

Epic may, in its sole discretion, reorder the schedule and/or change the date for any match or session of the Event (or change any game mode to be played in connection therewith). However, if the Event schedule is so modified, Epic will inform all players at its earliest convenience.

2.4        Event Format and Scoring - Fortnite PlayStation Cup - January Sessions

2.4.1    Format 

For the PlayStation Cup, all eligible players (as determined by Epic in accordance with these Rules) must rank in the Open League (Division I, II, III, or IV) or higher within Arena in their respective server region (“Region”) by the start of the PlayStation Cup Qualifier 1 (“Qualifier 1”) or PlayStation Cup Qualifier 2 (“Qualifier 2”; and together with Qualifier 1, the “Qualifiers”) to be eligible to queue up and compete during their respective Region’s Qualifier session window as listed in-game.

Each Qualifier session will last approximately three (3) hours. Players may participate in a maximum of ten (10) matches during each Qualifier session. Players will earn points based on the scoring system listed in Sections 2.4.2 and 2.4.4 (as applicable). Matches for the applicable Qualifier session will count only if the match begins before the applicable Qualifier session window closes.

At the conclusion of each Qualifier session, the top point earning players from each Region as listed on the in-game leaderboard (“Leaderboard”) will advance as set out in Section 2.4.5 and be able to queue up for the Event Finals (“Finals”). It will not be possible to enter the Finals without ranking in a Region’s top players during a Qualifier as listed in Section 2.4.5. Additionally, and subject to the terms and conditions herein (including, without limitation, Section 2.5.2), the top point earning players as listed on the Leaderboard from each Region will be awarded prizes as set out in Section 2.5.

For the Finals, players will compete in a single session during their respective Region’s Finals session window as listed in-game. Players may participate in a maximum of six (6) matches during the Finals session. The Finals session will last approximately three (3) hours, with the first match starting ten (10) minutes after the session window begins, and a new match starting every thirty (30) minutes thereafter. If a player fails to queue for the playlist and/or misses the start time for a given match, such player will be considered to have finished in (or tied for) last place with zero eliminations for that missed match. Players will earn points based on the scoring system listed in Sections 2.4.3 and 2.4.4 (as applicable). Matches for the Finals session will count only if the match begins before the Finals session window closes.

At the conclusion of the Finals, and subject to the terms and conditions herein (including, without limitation, Section 2.5.2), the top point earning players as listed on the Leaderboard from each Region will be awarded prizes as set out in Section 2.5.

For clarity, players may only participate in a single Region during each Event.

2.4.2    Scoring System - Qualifier 1 and Qualifier 2

Placement

Victory Royale: 30 points
2nd: 25 points
3rd: 22 points
4th: 20 points
5th: 19 points
6th: 17 points
7th: 16 points
8th: 15 points
9th: 14 points
10th: 13 points
11th - 15th: 11 points
16th - 20th: 9 points
21st - 25th: 7 points
26th - 30th: 5 points
31st - 35th: 4 points
36th - 40th: 3 points
41st - 50th: 2 points
51st - 75th: 1 point

Each Elimination: 1 point

2.4.3    Scoring System - Finals

Placement

Victory Royale: 30 points
2nd: 25 points
3rd: 22 points
4th: 20 points
5th: 19 points
6th: 17 points
7th: 16 points
8th: 15 points
9th: 14 points
10th: 13 points
11th - 15th: 11 points
16th - 20th: 9 points
21st - 25th: 7 points
26th - 30th: 5 points
31st - 35th: 4 points
36th - 40th: 3 points
41st - 50th: 2 points
51st - 75th: 1 point

Each Elimination: 2 points

2.4.4    Tiebreakers

Tiebreakers will be determined in the order presented here: (1) total points scored; (2) total Victory Royales in the session; (3) average eliminations in the session; (4) average placement per match in the session; and finally (5) total seconds survived across all Matches.

2.4.5    Finals Advancement

Advancement from a Qualifier to the Finals will be determined by points earned at the conclusion of such Qualifier.
        
Qualifiers to the Finals

Qualifier 1: Top 50 players in each Region
Qualifier 2: Top 50 players in each Region

Total: Top 100 players in each Region

2.5    Prizes

2.5.1        Fortnite PlayStation Cup - January

The following prizes will be awarded to each individual based on points earned within the Leaderboard at the conclusion of the applicable Qualifier session.

Qualifier 1 Prizes - All Regions

Points Earned                Prize
8                        "GG Iced" In-Game Cosmetic Spray

Qualifier 2 Prizes - All Regions

Points Earned                Prize
8                        "GG Iced" In-Game Cosmetic Spray

Approximate retail value (“ARV”) of "GG Iced" In-Game Cosmetic Spray is $1 USD. For clarity, players will only be awarded one (1) "GG Iced" In-Game Cosmetic Spray for the Event regardless of whether they earn the requisite points for both Qualifier 1 and Qualifier 2.

Additionally, subject to Section 2.5.4, the following prizes will be awarded to each individual based on his or her placement within the Leaderboard at the conclusion of the Finals session.


Finals Prizes - Europe

Rank       Prize
1st        $2,000
2nd    $1,800
3rd    $1,700
4th    $1,600
5th    $1,500
6th    $1,400
7th    $1,300
8th    $1,200
9th    $1,000
10th    $800
11th - 20th    $600
21st - 30th    $500
31st - 60th    $400
61st - 100th    $200

Finals Prizes - NA East

Rank    Prize
1st        $1,600
2nd    $1,400
3rd    $1,300
4th    $1,200
5th    $1,100
6th    $1,000
7th    $900
8th    $800
9th    $700
10th    $600
11th - 20th    $500
21st - 50th    $400
51st - 100th    $200

Finals Prizes - NA West

Rank       Prize
1st        $1,400
2nd    $1,200
3rd    $1,100
4th    $1,000
5th    $900
6th    $800
7th    $700
8th    $600
9th    $500
10th    $450
11th - 50th    $400
51st - 100th    $200

Finals Prizes - Brazil

Rank       Prize
1st        $1,500
2nd    $1,300
3rd    $1,200
4th    $1,100
5th    $1,000
6th    $900
7th    $800
8th    $700
9th    $600
10th    $500
11th - 50th    $400
51st - 100th    $200

Finals Prizes - Asia

Rank       Prize
1st        $1,000
2nd    $850
3rd    $800
4th    $750
5th    $700
6th    $650
7th    $600
8th    $550
9th    $500
10th    $450
11th - 50th    $400
51st - 100th    $200

Finals Prizes - Middle East

Rank       Prize
1st        $1,000
2nd    $800
3rd    $750
4th    $700
5th    $650
6th    $600
7th    $550
8th    $500
9th    $450
10th    $400
11th - 90th    $200

Finals Prizes - OCE

Rank       Prize
1st        $1,000
2nd    $800
3rd    $750
4th    $700
5th    $650
6th    $600
7th    $550
8th    $500
9th    $450
10th    $400
11th - 90th    $200

2.5.2    Prize Restricted Regions
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING OR ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE RULES TO THE CONTRARY, IF YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL IN TURKEY OR RUSSIA (EACH, A “PRIZE RESTRICTED REGION”), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE (AND IF A MINOR, YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES) THAT YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE FOR NOR ENTITLED TO WIN ANY CASH PRIZES IN CONNECTION WITH THE EVENT.

2.5.3        Prizing Information

Only (a) the highest scoring players (as determined by Epic pursuant to this Section 2.5.3) will be eligible to receive the applicable cosmetic in-game prizes set forth in Section 2.5.1 (“Cosmetic Prize Winning Players”); and (b) the highest scoring players who do not otherwise reside in a Prize Restricted Region (as determined by Epic pursuant to this Section 2.5.3) will be eligible to receive the applicable cash prizes set forth in Section 2.5.1 (“Cash Prize Winning Players”, and together with “Cosmetic Prize Winning Players, “Winning Players”).  No other player with a score lower than the Winning Players or residing in a Prize Restricted Region shall be, at any time or under any circumstances, entitled to win any prizes in connection with the Event.

For clarity, prizes are awarded “as is” with no warranty or guarantee, either express or implied.  Prizes are not transferable or assignable and cannot be transferred by Winning Players.  Non-cash prizes (if any) cannot be redeemed for cash.  All prize details are at the sole discretion of Epic. Winning Players are not entitled to any surplus between actual retail value of prize and ARV and any difference between approximate and actual value of the prize will not be awarded. The "GG Iced" In-Game Cosmetic Spray has no value outside of an Epic account, and will be granted directly to the applicable Winning Player’s Epic account within 3 weeks of completion of the Event, or such other time as reasonably required by Epic for such grant.  If a player has already received the "GG Iced" In-Game Cosmetic Spray as part of a previous Fortnite competitive event or other method, he or she will not be eligible to receive the prizes for this Event.  Winning Players are responsible for any costs and expenses associated with prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided.  Winning Players may not substitute a prize, but Epic reserves the right, at its sole discretion, in case of justified reasons, to substitute a prize (or portion thereof) with one of comparable or greater value.  Additional terms and conditions may apply to acceptance and use of a prize.

Potential Cash Prize Winning Players will be notified by Epic of their status as a potential cash prize Winning Players at the email address associated with such players’ Epic account within 30 days of completion of the Event, or such other time as reasonably required by Epic for such notification, and will be subject to verification of eligibility pursuant to Section 3 and compliance with these Rules.  A potential Cash Prize Winning Player must keep the Epic account that he or she used to compete in the Event active throughout the verification of eligibility process.

Upon formal notification from Epic, a potential Cash Prize Winning Player shall have 45 days from the date such notice was emailed to respond and provide any information or materials requested by Epic, including the Release (as defined below) for purposes of verification of eligibility pursuant to Section 3.  Such response from a potential Cash Prize Winning Player must be delivered to the email address from which Epic’s notification was sent or, at Epic’s sole option, another email address specified in the notification.  The date of receipt by Epic shall be decisive for a potential Cash Prize Winning Player’s compliance with the deadlines set forth in this Section 2.5.3.
 
In the event of (a) the failure by any such player to (i) keep the Epic account that he or she used to compete in the Event active throughout the verification of eligibility process or (ii) timely respond to any notification or request for materials or information; or (b) any such player being unable to accept or receive the prize for any reason (including, without limitation, for failure to provide the necessary tax and payment information through Epic’s approved tax and payment processing vendors), then in either case (items (a) or (b)), such player shall be disqualified as a potential Cash Prize Winning Player, and such player shall not be entitled to win any cash prizes in connection with the Fortnite PlayStation Cup.  In such cases, no alternate Cash Prize Winning Player will be named, and Epic shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to (y) award any prize amounts that would have otherwise been awarded to such disqualified player as part of a future Game competitive event or (z) award any such prize amounts to non-profit causes and efforts.  A Cash Prize Winning Player will only be announced once the verification of eligibility process has been completed by Epic pursuant to these Rules.
 
Cash Prize Winning Players will also be required to provide certain payment information to Epic, including any required tax information forms, in order to receive the cash prizes. Epic may withhold payment of the cash prizes if a Cash Prize Winning Player fails to provide the applicable payment forms to Epic in a timely manner.  

CASH PRIZES ARE SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE INTERNATIONAL, FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL TAXES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INCOME AND WITHHOLDING TAXES)  AND IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF EACH CASH PRIZE WINNING PLAYER TO (I) CHECK WITH HIS OR HER LOCAL TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE WHICH TAXES APPLY TO HIM OR HER AND (II) PAY SUCH TAXES TO THE APPROPRIATE TAX AUTHORITY.  It is Epic's policy to withhold tax at the backup withholding rates in effect for US and non-US residents.  Prize income and tax withholding will be reported on forms (y) 1099-MISC for US residents and 1042-S for non-US residents, and (z) any other relevant tax forms as may be required by applicable law.  

Epic will determine the payment method for the cash prizes in its sole discretion and, except as otherwise required by applicable law, all payments will be made directly to the Cash Prize Winning Player in his or her capacity as an individual (or, if a Minor, to the Cash Prize Winning Player’s parent or legal guardian).  For the avoidance of doubt, no prize payments will be made by Epic to any organization, company, or other entity.  Each Cash Prize Winning Player will be provided a Prize Acceptance and Release Form (“Release”).  Unless restricted by applicable law, each Cash Prize Winning Player (or, if a Minor, such Cash Prize Winning Player’s parent or legal guardian) will be required to complete and submit the Release in accordance with the deadlines set forth in this Section 2.5.3.

3.    Player Eligibility

3.1    Player Age

3.1.1    To be eligible to participate in any Event match, a player must be at least 13 years old (or such other age, if greater, as may be required in such player’s country of residence).  If a player is under 18 years of age or the age of majority as defined in such player’s country of residence (a “Minor”), such player must have permission from a parent or legal guardian in order to participate in the Event. 

3.1.2    Ineligible players who mislead or attempt to mislead Event Administrators by providing false eligibility information will be subject to disciplinary actions as further described in Section 9.2.

3.2    Fortnite EULA

Each player must follow the Fortnite End User License Agreement (“Fortnite EULA”) (https://www.epicgames.com/fortnite/eula). These Rules add to, and do not replace, the Fortnite EULA.

3.3    2FA

Each player must enable (if not already enabled) Two-Factor Authentication (“2FA”) on his or her Epic account.  To enable 2FA, players must visit https://epicgames.com/2FA, log in to their Epic accounts, and follow the onscreen instructions. 

3.4    Epic Affiliation

Employees, officers, directors, agents, and representatives of Epic (including the legal, promotion, and advertising agencies of Epic) and their immediate family members (defined as spouse, mother, father, sisters, brothers, sons, daughters, uncles, aunts, nephews, nieces, grandparents, and in-laws, regardless of where they live) and those living in their household (whether or not related), and each person or entity connected with the production or administration of the Event, and each parent company, affiliate, subsidiary, agent and representative of Epic are not eligible to participate or win. 

3.5    Player Names

3.5.1    All team and individual player names must follow the Code of Conduct in Section 8. Epic and the Event Administrators each may restrict or change team and individual player tags or screen names for any reason.

3.5.2    The name used by a team or player may not include or make use of the 
terms Fortnite®, Epic, or any other trademark, trade name, or logo owned by or licensed to Epic.

3.5.3    The name used by a team or player cannot be an impersonation of another team, player, streamer, celebrity, government official, Epic employee, or any other person or entity.

3.6    Good Standing; Account Level

3.6.1    Players must be in good standing with respect to the Epic accounts used by such players in connection with the Event, with no undisclosed violations. This means that, without limitation, a player’s Epic account must be registered in such player’s name, and cannot have been previously purchased, gifted, or otherwise transferred from another player. 

3.6.2.    Players must be free of or served fully any suspensions or other sanctions imposed in connection with a previous violation of any official Epic rules. Additionally, players who receive a competitive ban of 14 days or longer during the Event will be ineligible to participate further in the Event and/or participate in the immediately subsequent FNCS season.

3.6.3    A player’s Epic account must be level fifteen (15) or above. This information can be found in the in-game “Career” tab.

3.7    Additional Restrictions

3.7.1    The Event in all parts is open to players from across the world, except as otherwise provided in this Section.  The Event is not open to individuals wherever restricted or prohibited by applicable law or in any country where participation is prohibited by U.S. law.  Without limitation of the foregoing, the Event is not open to individuals in Cuba, Iran, Iraq, North Korea, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and the regions of Crimea, Donetsk, and Luhansk.

3.7.2    The Event is only open to individuals using PlayStation 4 or PlayStation 5 devices. 

3.7.3    For the duration of the Event, only a single player may play on a given game machine (i.e., multiple players cannot participate on the same machine at any point during any Event match).

3.7.4    Players may only have one (1) entry (using one (1) Epic account) into the Event for a given session. Players are expressly prohibited from having additional Event entries using additional or secondary Epic account(s).

4.    Player/Team Formation Rules

4.1    Solo

4.1.1    Each player (or, if a Minor, such player’s parent or legal guardian) must acknowledge and accept these Rules in-game pursuant to Section 1.2 before participating in the Event. 

4.1.2    Earned Finals qualification spots (as applicable) cannot be transferred, sold, traded, or gifted to any person or organization.

5.    Issues

5.1    Definition of Terms

5.1.1    Bug 

An error, flaw, failure, or fault that produces an incorrect or unexpected result, or otherwise causes the Game and/or a hardware device to behave in unintended ways.

5.1.2    Intentional Disconnection 

A player losing connection to the Game due to the player’s actions. Any actions of a player which lead to a disconnection shall be deemed intentional, regardless of the actual intent of the player. Intentional disconnection is not considered a valid technical issue for the purposes of a remake. 

5.1.3    Server Crash 

All players losing connection to the Game due to an issue with the Game server.

5.1.4    Unintentional Disconnection 

A player losing connection to the Game due to problems or issues with the game client, platform, network, or PC.

5.2    Technical Issues

5.2.1    Due to the nature and scale of online competition, except as otherwise determined by Epic in its sole discretion, matches will not be restarted or made null due to Bugs, Intentional Disconnections, Server Crashes, or Unintentional Disconnections. Except as otherwise determined by Epic in its sole discretion, any technical issues or Bug encounters, whether defined in this Section 5 or not, must be played through and will not be cause for a remake.

5.2.2    Without limitation of the foregoing, players are prohibited from taking advantage of or otherwise exploiting any Bug that allows a player to participate in any Event round or stage without having first qualified for such round or stage pursuant to the terms of these Rules.

5.2.3    In addition, players acknowledge and agree that in participating in a Game competitive event the individual player solely determines which platform to use (i.e., PC, console, or mobile (as applicable)) and understands that he/she may face players competing on a different platform. Additionally, players acknowledge that the different platforms may offer features, such as controllers, player interface, and/or ability to individualize certain game settings/sensitivities, etc., which may arguably provide a competitive advantage to one platform over another. Players acknowledge their sole competitive platform choice and agree and waive any responsibility or liability of Epic relating to such player’s involvement in a multiplatform competition, including any alleged competitive advantage of any other platform.

6.    Communication

6.1    Event Administrators will be available to answer player-specific questions and provide additional assistance throughout the Event via the official player support channel found here: https://www.discord.gg/fncompetitivesupport 

7.    Post-Match Process

7.1    Scoring

7.1.1    The Game client will record and report a player’s score at the conclusion of such player’s participation in a match.

7.1.2    At times, unforeseen issues may arise that result in score reporting delays and/or inaccuracies. For the duration of the Event, the score displayed within the Leaderboard will be the official score, regardless of accuracy. 

7.1.3    Without limitation of the foregoing, after a Round has ended, it may be necessary to adjust the Leaderboard standings (typically due to players or teams being DQ’d and removed from the Leaderboard for breaking these Rules). For advancement purposes, at the end of the applicable Round, the Leaderboard standings will be snapshotted, and those advancements will be immediately awarded and considered “final” for purposes of player or team advancement only, subject in all cases to final adjustment and confirmation by Epic.

8.    Code of Conduct

8.1    Personal Conduct; No Toxic Behavior

8.1.1    All players must conduct themselves in a way that is at all times consistent with (a) the Code of Conduct in this Section 8 (“Code of Conduct”) and (b) the general principles of personal integrity, honesty, and good sportsmanship.

8.1.2    Players must be respectful of other players, Event Administrators, spectators, and sponsors (as applicable).

8.1.3    Players shall not behave in a manner (a) which violates these Rules, (b) which is disruptive, unsafe or destructive, or (c) which is otherwise harmful to the enjoyment of the Game by other users as intended by Epic (as decided by Epic). In particular, players shall not engage in harassing or disrespectful conduct, use of abusive or offensive language, game sabotage, spamming, social engineering, scamming, or any unlawful activity (“Toxic Behavior”).

8.1.4    Players shall not (a) proclaim to be, or represent themselves as, a banned player or a cheater/rule breaker, or (b) glorify or otherwise endorse the breaking or violation of these Rules.

8.1.5    Any violation of these Rules may expose a player to disciplinary action as further described in Section 9.2, whether or not that violation was committed intentionally.

8.2    Competitive Integrity

8.2.1    Each player is expected to play within the spirit of the Game and these Rules at all times during any Event match.  Any form of unfair play is prohibited by these Rules, and may result in disciplinary action.  Examples of unfair play include the following:

Collusion (as defined below), match fixing or throwing, bribing a referee or match official, or any other unfair or illegal action or agreement to intentionally influence (or attempt to influence) the outcome of any match or Event.

Hacking or otherwise modifying the intended behavior of the Game client.

Playing or allowing another player to play on an Epic account registered in another person’s name (or soliciting, encouraging, or directing someone else to do so).

Using any kind of cheating device, program, or similar cheating method to gain a competitive advantage.

Intentionally exploiting any game function (e.g., an in-game bug or glitch) in a manner not intended by Epic in order to gain a competitive advantage.

Using distributed denial of service attacks, swatting, or similar methods to interfere with another player’s connection to the Game’s game client.

Using macro keys or similar methods to automate in-game actions.

Accepting any gift, reward, bribe, or compensation for services promised, rendered, or to be rendered in connection with unfair play of the Game (e.g., services designed to throw or fix a match or session).

Utilizing outside assistance regarding the location of other players, other players’ health or equipment, or any other information not otherwise known to the player by the information on his or her own screen (e.g., looking at or attempting to look at spectator monitors while currently in a match). For clarity, a player’s receipt of coaching or use of the in-game replay tool does not fall within this prohibition.

Intentionally disconnecting from the Game after you or a member of your team takes damage. For clarity, this only applies to players who intentionally disconnect with a member of their team receiving damage within 60 seconds prior to the intentional disconnection.

8.2.2    Players may not work together to deceive or otherwise cheat other players during any match (“Collusion”). Examples of Collusion include the following:

Teaming: Players working together during the match while on opposing teams.

Planned Movement: Agreement between 2 or more opposing players to land at specific locations and move through the map in a planned way before the match begins.

Communication: Sending or receiving signals (both verbal and non-verbal) to communicate with opposing players.

Item Dumping: Intentionally dropping items for an opposing player to collect.

Feeding: Intentionally allowing oneself to be eliminated by an opposing player.

8.3    Wagering 
Players shall not (a) conduct or promote betting, wagering, or gambling on the Event or any portion thereof, or (b) benefit, either directly or indirectly, from betting, wagering, or gambling on the Event or any portion thereof.
8.4    Harassment

8.4.1    Players are prohibited from engaging in any form of harassing, abusive, or discriminatory conduct based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, political opinion or any other opinion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, or any other status or characteristic protected under applicable law.

8.4.2    Any player who witnesses or is subjected to harassing, abusive, or discriminatory conduct should notify an Epic Esports Coordinator or Event Administrator. All complaints reported pursuant to this Section 8.4.2 will be promptly investigated and appropriate action will be taken. Retaliation against any player who brings forward a complaint or cooperates in the investigation of a complaint is prohibited.

8.5    Confidentiality

A player may not disclose to any third party any confidential information provided by the Event Administrators, Epic, or its affiliates concerning the Game, the Event, Epic, or its affiliates, by any method of communication, including by posting on social media channels.

8.6    Illegal Conduct

Players are required to comply with all applicable laws at all times.

9.    Rules and Conduct Violations

9.1    Investigation and Compliance

Players agree to fully cooperate with Epic and/or an Event Administrator (as applicable) in the investigation of any violation of these Rules. If Epic and/or an Event Administrator contacts a player to discuss the investigation, the player must be truthful in the information that he or she provides to Epic and/or an Event Administrator. Any player found to have withheld, destroyed, or tampered with any related information, or otherwise found to have misled Epic and/or an Event Administrator during an investigation, will be subject to disciplinary action as further described in Section 9.2.

9.2    Disciplinary Action

9.2.1    If Epic decides that a player has violated the Code, Epic may take the following disciplinary actions (as applicable):

Issue a private or public warning (verbal or written) to the player;

Loss of session points for the current or future match(es);

Loss of all or any part of the prizes previously awarded to the player;

Disqualify the player from participating in one or more matches and/or sessions at the Event; and/or

Prevent the player from participating in one or more future competitions hosted by Epic.

9.2.2    For clarity, the nature and extent of the disciplinary action taken by Epic pursuant to this Section 9.2 will be in the sole and absolute discretion of Epic. Epic reserves the right to seek damages and other remedies from such player to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

The enforcement of any applicable sanction by Epic shall not provide such player with grounds for claims against Epic under any theory of law, or otherwise be considered a liability on the part of Epic to such player.

9.2.3    If Epic decides that there have been repeated breaches of these Rules by a player, it may hand out increasing disciplinary action, up to and including permanent disqualification from all future competitive play of the Game.  Epic may also enforce any applicable sanction specified in Epic’s Terms of Service and/or the Fortnite EULA.

9.2.4    All Rules violations at the Event will be governed by the Epic Competitive Violation Matrix. A final decision by Epic as to the appropriate disciplinary action will be final and binding on all players.

9.3    Rule Disputes

Epic has final, binding authority to decide all disputes with respect to any portion of these Rules, including the breach, enforcement, or interpretation thereof.

10.    Conditions

The Event is subject to these Rules. By participating, each player agrees (or, if a Minor, such player’s parent or legal guardian agrees on such player’s behalf): (a) to be bound by these complete Rules (including the Code of Conduct) and the decisions of Epic which shall be final and binding; and (b) to waive any right to claim ambiguity in the Event or these Rules, except where prohibited by applicable law. By accepting a prize, the Winning Player agrees (or, if a Minor, such Winning Player’s parent or legal guardian agrees on such Winning Player’s behalf) to release Epic from any and all liability, loss, or damage arising from or in connection with awarding, receipt, and/or use or misuse of prize or participation in any prize-related activities. Epic shall not be liable for: (i) telephone system, telephone, or computer hardware, software, or other technical or computer malfunctions, lost connections, disconnections, delays, or transmission errors; (ii) data corruption, theft, destruction, and unauthorized access to or alteration of entry or other materials; (iii) any injuries, losses, or damages of any kind, including death caused by the prize or resulting from acceptance, possession, or use of a prize, or from participation in the Event; or (iv) any printing, typographical, administrative, or technological errors in any materials associated with the Event. Epic reserves the right to cancel or suspend the Event in its sole discretion or due to circumstances beyond its control, including natural disasters. Epic may disqualify any player from participating in the Event or winning a prize if, in its sole discretion, it determines such player is attempting to undermine the legitimate operation of the Event by cheating, hacking, deception, or any other unfair playing practices intending to annoy, abuse, threaten, undermine, or harass any other players or Epic’s representatives. The internal laws of the State of North Carolina, without reference to any of its conflicts of laws principles, shall govern disputes regarding these Rules and/or the Event. Epic may, in its sole discretion, cancel, modify, or suspend the Event should a virus, bug, computer problem, unauthorized intervention, force majeure, or other cause beyond Epic’s control corrupt the administration, security, or proper play of the Event. Any attempt to deliberately damage or undermine the legitimate operation of the Event may be in violation of criminal and civil laws and will result in disqualification from participation in the Event.  Should such an attempt be made, Epic reserves the right to seek remedies and damages (including attorneys’ fees) to the fullest extent of the law, including criminal prosecution. The Event is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws.

11.    Publicity; Interview Consent

11.1    Epic reserves the right to use the name, tag, likeness, audio, video, game play statistics, and/or Epic account ID of any player, for publicity purposes prior to, during, or after the Event end date, in any media, throughout the world, in perpetuity, but only in connection with publicizing the Event or other Game events and programing, without any compensation or prior review unless specifically prohibited by law.

11.2    Epic may, from time to time, reach out to players for an opportunity to voluntarily participate in an interview in connection with the Event (each, an “Interview”). Such players recognize that Epic is not required to distribute, use, or feature such players and their game play or make them famous, but to the extent any such player wants Epic to have the rights to do so, such player (and if a Minor, such player’s parent or legal guardian) declares and affirms the following:

You understand that to the extent you agree (and if a Minor, your parent or legal guardian agrees) that you will participate in an Interview, (a) your participation in such Interview will be on a voluntary basis; and (b) Epic will collect a recorded verbal confirmation from you (or if a Minor, your parent or legal guardian) prior to conducting such Interview.

In connection with your participation in the Interview, you hereby grant (or, if a Minor, your parent or legal guardian hereby grants) to Epic a royalty-free, worldwide right and license (with the right to grant sublicenses) to copy, display, distribute, edit, host, store and otherwise use and display your name, likeness, image, voice, video, game play statistics, and biographical information (collectively, “Interview Materials”), and create derivative works of the Interview Materials, in any and all present and future media, on or in connection with (i) the streaming of the Interview Materials; and (ii) Epic’s marketing and promotion of the Event (if any), any other event, or the Game, in each case (items (i) and (ii)), without any compensation or prior review unless specifically prohibited by law. You understand that you (and if a Minor, your parent or legal guardian) can withdraw the aforementioned license at any time by contacting an Event Administrator at tournaments@epicgames.com; provided, however, that this shall not affect the lawfulness of the use Epic has made of such license before its withdrawal.

You acknowledge and agree (and if a Minor, your parent or legal guardian acknowledges and agrees) that Epic is under no obligation to select you to participate in an Interview or to include the Interview Materials in the Event or in any such other production, or to broadcast, exhibit, transmit, distribute or otherwise exploit the Interview Materials in any manner or media.

You represent and warrant (and if a Minor, your parent or legal guardian represents and warrants) the following: (A) you are not under any obligation to any other party which would in any way prohibit or restrict you from participating in the Interview as contemplated hereby or performing any of my obligations herein; (B) you have (and if a Minor, your parent or legal guardian has) the right to grant the rights granted to Epic, and you neither have nor will make any commitments that would conflict or interfere with the rights granted to Epic; and (C) your participation in the Interview and the use of the Interview Materials by Epic or anyone else will not violate or infringe upon any rights of any third party and will not cause you to be in breach or violation of any agreements to which you are a party.

12.    Waiver of Jury Trial

EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND AS A CONDITION OF PARTICIPATING IN THIS EVENT, EACH PARTICIPANT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND PERPETUALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT S/HE MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS EVENT, ANY DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, ANY PRIZE AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, AND ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

13.    Privacy
Please refer to Epic’s privacy policy located at https://www.epicgames.com/site/en-US/privacypolicy for important information regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by Epic.

© 2022 Epic Games, Inc. All rights reserved.