<EULA.Header>Epic Games Authenticator End User License Agreement</>

Please read this Agreement carefully.  It is a legal document that explains your rights and obligations related to your use of the Software, including any Services you access through the Software.  By downloading or using the Software, or by otherwise indicating your acceptance of this Agreement, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not or cannot agree to the terms of this Agreement, please do not download or use this Software.  

In particular, we want to highlight some important terms, policies, and procedures in this Agreement. By accepting this Agreement:  

1.	You are also agreeing to other Epic rules and policies that are expressly incorporated into this Agreement. Please read them carefully: 

Our Privacy Policy (<a id="url" href="https://www.epicgames.com/privacypolicy" style="EULA.Hyperlink">https://www.epicgames.com/privacypolicy</>) explains what information we collect from you and how we protect it. 

Our Terms of Service (<a id="url" href="https://www.epicgames.com/tos" style="EULA.Hyperlink">https://www.epicgames.com/tos</>) explain the rules for our websites.  

2.	You and Epic agree to resolve disputes between us in individual arbitration (not in court). We believe the alternative dispute-resolution process of arbitration will resolve any dispute fairly and more quickly and efficiently than formal court litigation. Section 10 explains the process in detail. We’ve put this up front (and in caps) because it’s important:

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS-ACTION WAIVER PROVISION. IF YOU ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND EPIC AGREE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND GIVE UP THE RIGHT TO GO TO COURT INDIVIDUALLY OR AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION, AND EPIC AGREES TO PAY YOUR ARBITRATION COSTS FOR ALL DISPUTES OF UP TO $10,000 THAT ARE MADE IN GOOD FAITH (SEE SECTION 10). 

TO ENTER INTO THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, YOU MUST BE AN ADULT OF THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE.  YOU ARE LEGALLY AND FINANCIALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACTIONS USING OR ACCESSING OUR SOFTWARE, INCLUDING THE ACTIONS OF ANYONE YOU ALLOW TO ACCESS TO YOUR ACCOUNT. YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU HAVE REACHED THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, UNDERSTAND AND ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ITS DISPUTE RESOLUTION TERMS).  IF YOU ARE UNDER THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN MUST CONSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT.

Certain words or phrases are defined to have certain meanings when used in this Agreement.  Those words and phrases are defined below in Section 14.

If your primary residence is in the United States of America, your agreement is with Epic Games, Inc.  If it is not in the United States of America, your agreement is with Epic Games International S.à r.l., acting through its Swiss branch.

<EULA.Header>1.	License Grant </>

Epic grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited right and license to install the Software on Authorized Devices and use such copy on the Authorized Devices for solely for personal, non-commercial use (the “License”).  The rights that Epic grants you under the License are subject to the terms of this Agreement, and you may only make use of the License if you comply with all applicable terms.
The License becomes effective on the date you accept this Agreement. The Software is licensed, not sold, to you under the License. The License does not grant you any title or ownership in the Software.  

<EULA.Header>2.   License Conditions</>

You may not do or attempt to do any of the following with respect to the Software or any of its parts:  (a) use it commercially or for a promotional purpose except as Epic expressly authorizes; (b) copy, reproduce, distribute (including via a network server), display, or use it in a way that is not expressly authorized in this Agreement; (c) sell, rent, lease, license, distribute, or otherwise transfer it; (d) reverse engineer, derive source code from, modify, adapt, translate, decompile, or disassemble it or make derivative works based on it; (d) remove, disable, circumvent, or modify any proprietary notice or label or security technology included in it; (f) create, develop, distribute, or use any unauthorized software programs; (g) use it to infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including but not limited to any intellectual property, publicity, or privacy rights; (h) use, export, or re-export it in violation of any applicable law or regulation; (i) use it with a virtual machine or other emulator; or (j) use it on a device other than an Authorized Device.

<EULA.Header>3.	Updates and Patches</>

Epic may provide patches, updates, or upgrades to the Software that must be installed in order for you to continue to use the Software or Services.  Epic may update the Software remotely without notifying you, and you hereby consent to Epic applying patches, updates, and upgrades.  Epic may modify, suspend, discontinue, substitute, replace, or limit your access to any aspect of the Software or Services at any time.  You acknowledge that your use of the Software or Services does not confer on you any interest, monetary or otherwise, in any aspect or feature of the Software.  Epic does not have any maintenance or support obligations with respect to the Software or Services.  

<EULA.Header>4.	Feedback</>

If you provide Epic with any Feedback, you hereby grant Epic a non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, sublicensable, transferable, and assignable license to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, adapt, distribute, prepare derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, and otherwise exploit that Feedback for any purposes, for all current and future methods and forms of exploitation. “Feedback” means suggestions, comments, ideas, and all other types of information, including software and code, that you provide, publish, or otherwise communicate directly or indirectly (including your employees, agents, contractors, or representatives) to Epic or its agents that relates to the Services or Software.   If any such rights may not be licensed under applicable law (such as moral and other personal rights), you hereby waive and agree not to assert any such rights.  You understand and agree that Epic is not required to make any use of any Feedback that you provide.  You agree that if Epic makes use of your Feedback, Epic is not required to credit or compensate you for your contribution. You represent and warrant that you have sufficient rights in any Feedback that you provide to Epic to grant Epic and other affected parties the rights described above.  This includes but is not limited to intellectual property rights and other proprietary or personal rights.

<EULA.Header>5.	Ownership/Third Party Licenses</>

Epic and its licensors own all title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the Software and Services.  Epic, Epic Games, Unreal, Unreal Engine, and Fortnite, and their respective logos, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Epic and its affiliates in the United States of America and elsewhere.  All rights granted to you under this Agreement are granted by express license only and not by sale.  No license or other rights shall be created hereunder by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.
The Software includes certain components provided by Epic’s licensors.  A list of credits and notices for third party components may be found in the Software interface.

<EULA.Header>6.	Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability</>

Nothing in this Agreement will prejudice the statutory rights that you may have as a consumer of the Software or Services.  Some countries, states, provinces or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation of liability as stated in this section, so the below terms may not fully apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the exclusions and limitations below shall apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions.

The Software and Services is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, “with all faults” and without warranty of any kind.  Epic, its licensors, and its and their affiliates disclaim all warranties, conditions, common law duties, and representations (express, implied, oral, and written) with respect to the Software and Services, including without limitation all express, implied, and statutory warranties and conditions of any kind, such as title, non-interference with your enjoyment, authority, non-infringement, merchantability, fitness or suitability for any purpose (whether or not Epic knows or has reason to know of any such purpose), system integration, accuracy or completeness, results, reasonable care, workmanlike effort, lack of negligence, and lack of viruses, whether alleged to arise under law, by reason of custom or usage in the trade, or by course of dealing.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Epic, its licensors, and its and their affiliates make no warranty that (1) the Software or Services will operate properly, (2) that the Software or Services will meet your requirements, (3) that the operation of the Software or Services will be uninterrupted, bug free, or error free in any or all circumstances, or (4) that any defects in the Software or Services can or will be corrected.  Any warranty against infringement that may be provided in Section 2-312 of the Uniform Commercial Code or in any other comparable statute is expressly disclaimed.  Epic, its licensors, and its and their affiliates do not guarantee continuous, error-free, virus-free, or secure operation of or access to the Software or Services.  This paragraph will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither Epic, nor its licensors, nor its or their affiliates, nor any of Epic’s service providers (collectively, the “Epic Parties”), shall be liable in any way for any loss of profits or any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive, or exemplary damages, arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the Software or Services, or the delay or inability to use or lack of functionality of the Software or Services, even in the event of an Epic Party’s fault, tort (including negligence), strict liability, indemnity, product liability, breach of contract, breach of warranty, or otherwise and even if an Epic Party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  Further, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of the Epic Parties arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the Software  or Services will not exceed the greater of (a) the total amounts you have paid (if any) to Epic for the Software or within the Software during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the events giving rise to such liability and (b) U.S. $5.00. These limitations and exclusions regarding damages apply even if any remedy fails to provide adequate compensation.

<EULA.Header>7.	Indemnity</>

This section only applies to the extent permitted by applicable law.  If you are prohibited by law from entering into the indemnification obligation below, then you assume, to the extent permitted by law, all liability for all claims, demands, actions, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees, costs and expert witnesses’ fees) that are the stated subject matter of the indemnification obligation below. 

You agree to indemnify, pay the defense costs of, and hold Epic, its licensors, its and their affiliates, and its and their employees, officers, directors, agents, contractors, and other representatives harmless from all claims, demands, actions, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees, costs, and expert witnesses’ fees) that arise from or in connection with (a) any claim that, if true, would constitute a breach by you of this Agreement or negligence by you, (b) any act or omission by you in using the Software or Services, or (c) any claim of infringement or violation of any third-party intellectual property rights arising from Epic’s use of your Feedback as provided under Sections 4 of this Agreement..  You agree to reimburse Epic on demand for any defense costs incurred by Epic and any payments made or loss suffered by Epic, whether in a court judgment or settlement, based on any matter covered by this Section 7.

<EULA.Header>8.	Termination</>

Without limiting any other rights of Epic, this Agreement will terminate automatically without notice if you fail to comply with any of its terms and conditions.  You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Software from all devices on which you’ve installed it.  Upon any termination, the License will automatically terminate, you may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to you by the License, and you must destroy all copies of the Software in your possession.  

Except to the extent required by law, all payments and fees are non-refundable under all circumstances, regardless of whether or not this Agreement has been terminated.
Sections 2, 6-11, and 13-15 will survive any termination of this Agreement.

<EULA.Header>9.	Governing Law and Jurisdiction</>

This Agreement is entered into in the State of North Carolina, U.S.A., and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina, exclusive  of its choice of law rules.  For any Disputes deemed not subject to binding individual arbitration, as provided in the section immediately below, you and Epic agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Superior Court of Wake County, State of North Carolina, or, if federal court jurisdiction exists, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina.  You and Epic agree to waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts (without affecting either party’s rights to remove a case to federal court if permissible), as well as any right to a jury trial.  The Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply.  This paragraph will be interpreted as broadly as applicable law permits. 

<EULA.Header>10.	Binding, Individual Arbitration; Class Action Waiver</>

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY.  IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT.

Most issues can be resolved quickly and amicably by contacting Epic customer support at  <a id="url" href="https://www.epicgames.com/customer-service" style="EULA.Hyperlink">https://www.epicgames.com/customer-service</>. But we understand that sometimes disputes can’t be easily resolved by customer support. This Section explains how You and Epic agree to resolve those disputes, including (where applicable) by binding, individual arbitration. 

Arbitration is an alternative dispute-resolution procedure that allows us to resolve issues without the formality of going to court. Any dispute between You and Epic is submitted to a neutral arbitrator (not a judge or jury) for fair and fast resolution. Arbitration is more efficient for both you and Epic. 

<EULA.Header>10.1 Informal Resolution.</>

If you have an issue that our customer support can’t resolve, prior to starting arbitration You and Epic agree to attempt to resolve the dispute informally to help get us to a resolution and control costs for both parties. You and Epic agree to make a good-faith effort to negotiate any dispute between us for at least 30 days (“Informal Resolution”). Those informal negotiations will start on the day You or Epic receive a written Notice of a Dispute in accordance with this Agreement. 

You will send your Notice of Dispute to Epic Games, Inc., Legal Department, ATTN: NOTICE OF DISPUTE, Box 254, 2474 Walnut Street, Cary, North Carolina, 27518, U.S.A. Include your name, account name, address, how to contact you, what the problem is, and what you want Epic to do. If Epic has a dispute with You, Epic will send our Notice of Dispute to your registered email address and any billing address You have provided us. 

If you reside in the European Union (“EU”), You may also be entitled to submit Your complaint to the European Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform (<a id="url" href="https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home2.show&lng=EN)" style="EULA.Hyperlink">https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home2.show&lng=EN)</>. ODR allows EU consumers to resolve disputes related to the online purchases of goods and services without going to court. 

If the dispute isn’t resolved within by Informal Resolution or small-claims court (below), You or Epic may start an arbitration in accordance with this Agreement.  

<EULA.Header>10.2	 Small Claims Court</>

Instead of using Informal Resolution, You and Epic agree that You may sue us in small-claims court in your choice of the county where you live or Wake County, North Carolina (if you meet the requirements of small-claims court). We hope you’ll try Informal Resolution first, but you don’t have to before going to small-claims court.

<EULA.Header>10.3	 Binding Individual Arbitration.</>

THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS IN THIS SECTION WILL BE CONDUCTED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS ONLY.

You and Epic agree that Disputes will be settled by binding individual arbitration conducted by Judicial Arbitration Mediation Services, Inc (<a id="url" href="https://www.jamsadr.com/" style="EULA.Hyperlink">https://www.jamsadr.com/</>) (“JAMS”) subject to the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law and according to the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules (<a id="url" href="https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration" style="EULA.Hyperlink">https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration</>) and Procedures effective July 1, 2014 (the “JAMS Rules”) as modified by this Agreement. 

This means that You and Epic agree to a dispute-resolution process where we submit any Dispute to a neutral arbitrator (not a judge or jury) that makes the final decision to resolve the Dispute.  JAMS uses experienced professionals to arbitrate disputes, which helps You and Epic resolve any disputes fairly, but more quickly and efficiently than going to court.  The arbitrator may award the same remedies to you individually as a court could, but only to the extent required to satisfy your individual claim.

The arbitrator’s decision is final, except for a limited review by courts under the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act, and can enforced like any other court order or judgment. 

<EULA.Header>10.3.1 Disputes We Agree to Arbitrate:</>

You and Epic agree to submit all Disputes between You and Epic to individual binding arbitration. “Dispute” means any dispute, claim, or controversy (except those specifically exempted below) between You and Epic that relates to your use or attempted use of Epic’s products or services and Epic’s products and services generally, including without limitation the validity, enforceability, or scope of this Binding Individual Arbitration section. 

You and Epic agree to arbitrate all Disputes regardless of whether the Dispute is based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, or negligence), or any other legal or equitable theory. 

The Informal Resolution and Arbitration sections do not apply to (1) individual actions in small-claims court; (2) pursuit of enforcement actions through a government agency if the law allows; (3) a complaint or remedy under the EU General Data Protection Regulation; (4) an action to compel or uphold any prior arbitration decision; (5) Epic’s right to seek injunctive relief against You in a court of law to preserve the status quo while an arbitration proceeds; (6) claims of piracy and intellectual-property infringement, and (7) the enforceability of the Class Action Waiver clause below.  

You and Epic agree that whether a dispute is subject to arbitration under this Agreement will be determined by the arbitrator rather than a court.

<EULA.Header>10.3.2 Arbitration Procedure: </>

To start an arbitration, review the JAMS Rules and follow the instructions for initiating an arbitration on the JAMS website (http://www.jamsadr.com/). The party starting an arbitration must send JAMS a “Demand for Arbitration” (available on its website), pay a filing fee, and mail a copy of the Demand for Arbitration to the opposing party. You will send a copy to Epic Games, Inc., Legal Department, ATTN: ARBITRATION OF DISPUTE, Box 254, 2474 Walnut Street, Cary, North Carolina, 27518, U.S.A. Epic will send our copy to your registered email address and any billing address You have provided us. 

The arbitration will be conducted by a single JAMS arbitrator selected with substantial experience in resolving intellectual-property and commercial-contract disputes. You and Epic both agree that the arbitration will be conducted in the English language and that the arbitrator will be bound by this Agreement.

If an in-person hearing is required, the hearing will take place either in Wake County, North Carolina, or where You reside; you choose.

The arbitrator (not a judge or jury) will resolve the Dispute. Unless You and Epic agree otherwise, any decision or award will include a written statement stating the decision of each claim and the basis for the award, including the arbitrator’s essential factual and legal findings and conclusions.  

The arbitrator may only award legal or equitable remedies that are requested by You or Epic to satisfy one of our individual claims (that the arbitrator determines are supported by credible relevant evidence).  The arbitrator may not award relief against Epic respecting any person other than You.

Any decision or award may be enforced as a final judgment by any court of competent jurisdiction or, if applicable, application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement. 

<EULA.Header>10.3.3 Arbitration Fees and Location:</>

If You start the arbitration, you must pay the JAMS filing fee required for consumer arbitrations. 

In some situations, Epic will help with your fees to (hopefully) get us to a resolution quickly and fairly: 

If the Dispute involves $10,000 or less, Epic will pay all of the JAMS costs, including the fees you otherwise would have been required to pay. 

If the above doesn’t apply to You, but You demonstrate that arbitration costs will be prohibitive compared to litigation costs, Epic will pay as much of your JAMS costs as the arbitrator finds is necessary to prevent arbitration from being cost-prohibitive (as compared to the cost of litigation).    

Even if Epic wins the arbitration and the applicable law or the JAMS Rules allow Epic to seek our portion of the JAMS fees from you, we won’t. 

The fee assistance offered above is contingent upon You bringing the arbitration claim in “good faith”. If the arbitrator finds You brought an arbitration claim against Epic for an improper purpose, frivolously, or without a sufficient pre-claim investigation into the facts or applicable law, then the payment of all fees will be governed by the JAMS rules.  

JAMS costs do not include your Attorneys’ fees and costs and Attorneys’ fees and JAMS costs are not counted when determining how much a dispute involves. 

Epic won’t seek our attorneys’ fees or expenses from you in any arbitration, even if the law or the JAMS rules entitle us to do so. If you choose to be represented by an attorney, you will pay your own attorneys’ fees and costs unless the applicable law provides otherwise.  

<EULA.Header>10.3.4 Notice and Filing.</>

If a Dispute must be arbitrated, You or Epic must start arbitration of the Dispute within two (2) years from when the Dispute first arose.  If applicable law requires you to bring a claim for a Dispute sooner than two years after the Dispute first arose, you must start arbitration in that earlier time period.  Epic encourages You to tell us about a Dispute as soon as possible so we can work to resolve it. The failure to provide timely notice shall bar all claims.

<EULA.Header>10.3.5 Continuation in Effect.</>

This Binding Individual Arbitration section survives any termination of this Agreement or Epic’s provision of services to You.

<EULA.Header>10.3.6 Future Arbitration Changes.</>

Although Epic may revise this Agreement in its discretion, Epic does not have the right to alter this agreement to arbitrate or the rules specified herein with respect to any Dispute once that Dispute arises.

<EULA.Header>10.4 Class Action Waiver.</>

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, You and Epic agree to only bring Disputes in an individual capacity and shall not:

seek to bring, join, or participate in any class or representative action, collective or class-wide arbitration, or any other action where another individual or entity acts in a representative capacity (e.g., private attorney general actions); or

consolidate or combine individual proceedings or permit an arbitrator to do so without the express consent of all parties to this Agreement and all other actions or arbitrations. 

<EULA.Header>10.5 Severability.</>

If all or any provision of this Binding Individual Arbitration agreement is found invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, then You and Epic agree that the provision will be severed and the rest of the agreement shall remain in effect and be construed as if any severed provision had not been included.  The sole exception is that if the Class Action Waiver is found invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, You and Epic agree that it will not be severable; this entire Binding Individual Arbitration section will be void and unenforceable and any dispute will be resolved in court subject to the venue and choice of clauses specified in this Agreement.  Under no circumstances shall arbitration be conducted on a class basis without Epic’s express consent.

<EULA.Header>11.	U.S. Government Matters</>

The Software is a “Commercial Item” (as defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101), consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation” (as used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable).  The Software is being licensed to U.S. Government end users only as Commercial Items and with only those rights as are granted to other licensees under this Agreement.  

You agree to comply with all applicable federal and foreign laws, regulations, and rules, and complete any required undertakings. You agree not to use, export, re-export, or download the Software or Services into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Denial Orders. You represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any U.S. restricted or prohibited country or on any U.S. restricted or prohibited list. 

<EULA.Header>12.	Amendments of this Agreement</>

Epic may issue an amended Agreement, Terms of Service, or Privacy Policy at any time in its discretion by posting the amended Agreement, Terms of Service, or Privacy Policy on its website or by providing you with digital access to amended versions of any of these documents when you next access the Software.  If any amendment to this Agreement, the Terms of Service, or the Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, you may terminate this Agreement and must stop using the Software.  Your continued use of the Software will demonstrate your acceptance of the amended Agreement, Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy.

<EULA.Header>13.	No Assignment</>

You may not, without the prior written consent of Epic, assign, transfer, charge, or sub-contract all or any of your rights or obligations under this Agreement, and any attempt without that consent will be null and void.  If restrictions on transfer of the Software in this Agreement are not enforceable under the law of your country, then this Agreement will be binding on any recipient of the Software.  Epic may at any time assign, transfer, charge, or sub-contract all or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement.  

<EULA.Header>14.	Definitions</>

As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized words have the following meanings:   

“Authorized Device” means a device you own or control on which the Software is designed and designated by Epic to be operated. An Authorized Device does not include a virtual machine or other emulation of such a mobile device.

“<EULA.Highlight>Epic</>” means, depending on the location of your primary residence:

a.	Epic Games, Inc., a Maryland Corporation having its principal business offices at Box 254, 2474 Walnut Street, Cary, North Carolina, 27518, U.S.A.; or 

b.	Epic Games International S.à r.l., a Luxembourg Société à Responsibilité Limitée, located at Atrium Business Park, 33 rue du Puits Romain, L8070 Bertrange, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, acting through its Swiss branch, having its principal business offices at Platz 10, 6039 Root, Switzerland.  

“<EULA.Highlight>Feedback</>” means any feedback or suggestions that you provide to Epic regarding the Software, Services, or other Epic products and services.

“<EULA.Highlight>Services</>” means any services made available to you through the Software, including services to manage your Epic account, connect to third party services, or acquire, configure, update, and enable use of other applications.

“<EULA.Highlight>Software</>” means the Epic Games authenticator application, and any patches, updates, and upgrades to the application. 

<EULA.Header>15.	Miscellaneous</>

This Agreement and any document or information referred to in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between you and Epic relating to the subject matter covered by this Agreement.  All other communications, proposals, and representations with respect to the subject matter covered by this Agreement are excluded.  

The original of this Agreement is in English; any translations are provided for reference purposes only.  It is the express wish of the parties that these terms and all related documents have been drawn up in English. You waive any right you may have under the law of your country to have this Agreement written or construed in the language of any other country.

This Agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your jurisdiction. This Agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your jurisdiction if the laws of your jurisdiction do not permit it to do so.  Limitations and exclusions of warranties and remedies in this Agreement may not apply to you because your jurisdiction may not allow them in your particular circumstance.  In the event that certain provisions of this Agreement are held by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, those provisions shall be enforced only to the furthest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining terms of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

Any act by Epic to exercise, or failure or delay in exercise of, any of its rights under this Agreement, at law or in equity will not be deemed a waiver of those or any other rights or remedies available in contract, at law or in equity.

You agree that this Agreement does not confer any rights or remedies on any person other than the parties to this Agreement, except as expressly stated.

Epic’s obligations are subject to existing laws and legal process, and Epic may comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests or requirements despite any contrary term in this Agreement.